DISTMONGO-314 Docs update for 8.0 (#264)
percona/distmongo-docs: docs/release-notes-v8.0.1.md

This release of Percona Distribution for MongoDB is based on the production release of [Percona Server for MongoDB 8.0.1-1](https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/8.0/release_notes/8.0.1-1.html) and [Percona Backup for MongoDB 2.7.0](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/release-notes/2.7.0.html).

## Upgrade considerations

Starting with version 8.0, Percona Server for MongoDB uses the upgraded TCMalloc to handle memory requests more efficiently. The use of TCMalloc requires enabling Transparent Huge Pages (THP) and per-CPU caches before you start Percona Server for MongoDB. Read more about TCMalloc in [MongoDB documentation :octicons-external-link-16:](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/administration/tcmalloc-performance/)

## Release Highlights

### Percona Server for MongoDB improvements

#### Prevent master encryption key loss on the Vault server

Before Percona Server for MongoDB puts a new master encryption key to the Vault server as the versioned secret, it now checks if the secret's version reached the defined maximum (10 by default). This prevents the loss of the old secret and the master encryption key it stores on the Vault server. 

> Make sure Percona Server for MongoDB has read permissions for the secret's metadata and the secrets engine configuration. To learn more, refer to the [documentation](../vault.md#master-key-loss-prevention).

Author: ```suggestion
Make sure Percona Server for MongoDB has read permissions for the secret's metadata and the secrets engine configuration. To learn more, refer to the [documentation](https://docs.percona.com/percona-server-for-mongodb/8.0/vault.html#master-key-loss-prevention).
```
